BZ2073610 - Adding note for extra storage when installing single node (#44551)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/install-sno-generating-the-discovery-iso-with-the-assisted-installer.adoc

. Download the discovery ISO.

. Make a note of the discovery ISO URL for installing with virtual media.

[NOTE]
=====

> If you enable OpenShift virtualization during this process, you must have a second local storage device of at least `50GB` for your virtual machines.

Reviewer: Based on this list: https://github.com/openshift/openshift-docs/blob/main/_attributes/common-attributes.adoc

You might wanna run that by someone who works with CNV/try it and make sure it does in fact render "OpenShift Virtualization" as I believe it does. 

```suggestion
If you enable {VirtProductName} during this process, you must have a second local storage device of at least 50 GB for your virtual machines.
```
